Requirements:

1. The system shall download an alias of the article that is presented for later view.
	1.1 The system shall accept a news article as input and copy its text intelligently into a neatly formatted file held in storage.
		1.1.1 The system shall employ web scraping functionality that will allow it to parse a webpage and identify key elements that distinguish text from html.
		1.1.2 The sysem shall strip away extraneous html tags, salvaging only pertinent material from webpage.
		1.1.3 The system shall store saved text into a new file saved to the user's account.
	1.2 The system shall offer an user-friendly interface for viewing article aliases that have been saved.

2. The system shall monitor user habits.
	2.1 The system shall also intelligently identify certain aspects in a news article and keep track of its history in a historical database.
		2.1.1 The system shall extrapolate key characteristics of a new article, such as author, publication, and date, and log instances of this data in a database.
		2.1.2 The system shall update database with new values and recognize values that have already been seen by comparing it to other values in the database.
			2.1.2.1 The system shall increment data that already exists in database with every subsequent instance.
	2.2 The system shall display a front-end interface to the user which consists of various statistics that reflect reading habits.
		2.2.1 The system shall display user data in its most recent state.
			2.2.1.1 The system shall provide means to update program with an accurate view of the current state of data in the database.
		2.2.2 The system shall make calculations on user data that reflect the user's habits and display these figures to the user.
		
3. The system shall include functionality that emphasizes a journalist's credentials.
	3.1 The system will recognize journalists by name and display a wiki for the user to learn more about the journalist's background and reputation.
		3.1.1 The system will extrapolate the author's name while parsing through an article's contents.
		3.1.2 The system will utilize an API to search for the author and return a short wiki.
		3.1.3 The system will provide a link in the wiki that enables user's to further research the author via a new browser tab linked to an outside source.
	3.2 The system will keep record of a user's history of authors and notify them when a future uploaded article contains similarities.
